then Elif as the timur knight answered
then Elif as the timur knight answered should a wise man answer with empty
should a wise man answer with empty
should a wise man answer with empty knowledge and fill himself with the east
knowledge and fill himself with the east
knowledge and fill himself with the east wind should he reasoned with
wind should he reasoned with
wind should he reasoned with unprofitable talk or by speeches with
unprofitable talk or by speeches with
unprofitable talk or by speeches with which he can do no good yes you cast off
which he can do no good yes you cast off
which he can do no good yes you cast off fear and restrained prayer before God
fear and restrained prayer before God
fear and restrained prayer before God for your iniquity teaches your mouth and
for your iniquity teaches your mouth and
for your iniquity teaches your mouth and you choose the tongue of the crafty your
you choose the tongue of the crafty your
you choose the tongue of the crafty your own mouth condemns you and not I yes
own mouth condemns you and not I yes
own mouth condemns you and not I yes your own lips testify against you are
your own lips testify against you are
your own lips testify against you are you the first man who was born or were
you the first man who was born or were
you the first man who was born or were you made before the hills have you heard
you made before the hills have you heard
you made before the hills have you heard the counsel of God do you limit wisdom
the counsel of God do you limit wisdom
the counsel of God do you limit wisdom to yourself what do you know that we do
to yourself what do you know that we do
to yourself what do you know that we do not know what do you understand that is
not know what do you understand that is
not know what do you understand that is not in us both the gray-haired and the
not in us both the gray-haired and the
not in us both the gray-haired and the aged are among us much older than your
aged are among us much older than your
aged are among us much older than your father are the consolations of God too
father are the consolations of God too
father are the consolations of God too small for you and the words spoken
small for you and the words spoken
small for you and the words spoken gently with you why does your heart
gently with you why does your heart
gently with you why does your heart carry you away and what your eyes wink
carry you away and what your eyes wink
carry you away and what your eyes wink at that you turn your spirit against God
at that you turn your spirit against God
at that you turn your spirit against God and let such words go out of your mouth
and let such words go out of your mouth
and let such words go out of your mouth what is man that he could be pure and he
what is man that he could be pure and he
what is man that he could be pure and he who was born of a woman that he could be
who was born of a woman that he could be
who was born of a woman that he could be righteous if God puts no trust in his
righteous if God puts no trust in his
righteous if God puts no trust in his saints and the heavens are not pure in
saints and the heavens are not pure in
saints and the heavens are not pure in his sight how much less man who is
his sight how much less man who is
his sight how much less man who is abominable and filthy who drinks
abominable and filthy who drinks
abominable and filthy who drinks iniquity like water I will tell you hear
iniquity like water I will tell you hear
iniquity like water I will tell you hear me would I have seen I will declare what
me would I have seen I will declare what
me would I have seen I will declare what wise men have told not hiding anything
wise men have told not hiding anything
wise men have told not hiding anything received from their fathers to whom
received from their fathers to whom
received from their fathers to whom along the land was given and no alien
along the land was given and no alien
along the land was given and no alien passed among them
passed among them
passed among them the wicked man rides with pain all his
the wicked man rides with pain all his
the wicked man rides with pain all his days and the number of years is hidden
days and the number of years is hidden
days and the number of years is hidden from the oppressor dreadful sounds are
from the oppressor dreadful sounds are
from the oppressor dreadful sounds are in his ears in prosperity the destroyer
in his ears in prosperity the destroyer
in his ears in prosperity the destroyer comes upon him he does not believe that
comes upon him he does not believe that
comes upon him he does not believe that he will return from darkness for a sword
he will return from darkness for a sword
he will return from darkness for a sword is waiting for him he wanders about for
is waiting for him he wanders about for
is waiting for him he wanders about for bread saying where is it he knows that a
bread saying where is it he knows that a
bread saying where is it he knows that a day of darkness is ready at his hand
day of darkness is ready at his hand
day of darkness is ready at his hand trouble and anguish make him afraid they
trouble and anguish make him afraid they
trouble and anguish make him afraid they overpower him like a king ready for
overpower him like a king ready for
overpower him like a king ready for battle
battle
battle thorry stretches out his hand against
thorry stretches out his hand against
thorry stretches out his hand against God and acts defiantly against the
God and acts defiantly against the
God and acts defiantly against the Almighty running stubbornly against him
Almighty running stubbornly against him
Almighty running stubbornly against him with his strong and bossed shield though
with his strong and bossed shield though
with his strong and bossed shield though he has covered his face with his fatness
he has covered his face with his fatness
he has covered his face with his fatness and made his waist heavy with fat he
and made his waist heavy with fat he
and made his waist heavy with fat he dwells in desolate cities in houses
dwells in desolate cities in houses
dwells in desolate cities in houses which no one in habits which are
which no one in habits which are
which no one in habits which are destined to become ruins he will not be
destined to become ruins he will not be
destined to become ruins he will not be rich nor will his wealth continue nor
rich nor will his wealth continue nor
rich nor will his wealth continue nor will his possessions overspread the
will his possessions overspread the
will his possessions overspread the earth he will not depart from darkness
earth he will not depart from darkness
earth he will not depart from darkness the flame will dry out his branches and
the flame will dry out his branches and
the flame will dry out his branches and by the breath of his mouth he will go
by the breath of his mouth he will go
by the breath of his mouth he will go away let him not trust in futile things
away let him not trust in futile things
away let him not trust in futile things deceiving himself for futility will be
deceiving himself for futility will be
deceiving himself for futility will be his reward it will be accomplished
his reward it will be accomplished
his reward it will be accomplished before his time and his branch will not
before his time and his branch will not
before his time and his branch will not be green he will shake off his unripe
be green he will shake off his unripe
be green he will shake off his unripe grape like a vine and cast off his
grape like a vine and cast off his
grape like a vine and cast off his blossom like an olive tree for the
blossom like an olive tree for the
blossom like an olive tree for the company of hypocrites will be barren and
company of hypocrites will be barren and
company of hypocrites will be barren and fire will consume the tense of bribery
fire will consume the tense of bribery
fire will consume the tense of bribery they conceive trouble and bring forth
they conceive trouble and bring forth
they conceive trouble and bring forth futility their womb prepares deceit